[ie/youtube] Request ads to not be served, take two (#15220)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

* `pot_trace`: Enable debug logging for PO Token fetching. Either `true` or `false` (default)
* `fetch_pot`: Policy to use for fetching a PO Token from providers. One of `always` (always try fetch a PO Token regardless if the client requires one for the given context), `never` (never fetch a PO Token), or `auto` (default; only fetch a PO Token if the client requires one for the given context)
* `jsc_trace`: Enable debug logging for JS Challenge fetching. Either `true` or `false` (default)

> * `use_ad_playback_context`: Skip preroll ads to eliminate the mandatory wait period before download. Results in premium formats not being served. On clients other than `web`, `web_safari`, and `mweb` can result in 403 errors on some videos. Either `true` or `false` (default)

Reviewer: - `web_music` is missing
- don't need to mention the 403 errors if the parameters won't be applied to unsupported clients

```suggestion
* `use_ad_playback_context`: Skip preroll ads to eliminate the mandatory wait period before download. Do NOT use this when passing logged-in cookies from a premium account, as it will result in a loss of premium formats. Only effective with the `web`, `web_safari`, `web_music` and `mweb` player clients. Either `true` or `false` (default)
```
